hello everyone my name is Andrew and
today I am bringing you another halo 2
anniversary Forge tutorial today I am
showing you how to use scripting to set
up weapon dispensers in your forge Maps
I have two designs for you today one
that is a basic switch that makes the
weapon drop and the other one would be
having to unlock the switch using
grenades and the grenades will be the
currency so you can use the grenade to
make the switch accessible and then you
can use it to make the weapon drop and
both of these are very easy to do and
won't require too much of your budget so
yeah let's get started let's start with
the basic weapon dispenser this design
that I have is meant to be having the
weapon dispenser against the wall or you
know part of the wall and now I'm just
taking it apart to show you how it works
really first you will need a fusion coil
and you'll want to set its scripting to
a certain broadcast channel this will be
the same as your broadcast channel for
your switch the idea is that you will
trigger the explosion of the fusion coil
and make the weapon drop by using the
switch toggle that is set to the same
broadcast channel as for the weapon make
sure it's physics is set to normal and
put it right on top of the fusion coil
make sure it's make sure you lay it on
top of it and as we respond time you can
set it to however many you want I have
it set to 5 just for the sake of the
tutorial but the spawn time is actually
you know how often you want the weapon
dispenser to be used and to actually
drop a weapon the next thing you'll need
is a block set in an incline what I am
using is they use the 5 by 1 short and I
have it set to this a 15 degree incline
over here just so that when the
explosions triggered the weapon easily
falls down and won't get stuck anywhere
next thing you'll need is to create a
roof so that when the explosion is
triggered the weapon just won't fly out
of the fly out of your setup so yeah
make sure there's a roof to seal the
weapon in and just pretty much ensure
that it drops into the little pickup
point for the players and yeah that's
pretty much the setup for the basic
weapon dispenser like I said it's really
easy and once you're done creating it
you can even test it out on forge mode
itself
so now let's dive into my second design
this is the weapon dispenser that has a
locked switch so players won't be able
to access it until they pay with the
grenades the grenades will be the
currency let's start off with the weapon
and the fusion coil the setup will be
the exact same as the first setup that I
showed just make sure that the switch
toggle console switch and the fusion
coil are all set to the same broadcast
channel now I'm going to show you how to
set up the lock system for the I guess
what prevents you from entering and
using the switch I use dantana smalls as
the barrier that will prevent players
from using the switch you can use
whichever piece you want I just used
antennae smalls for the sake of the
tutorial and because it fits my setup
better you'll also need some trims and
this trigger on destroyed it's the
orange one that you'll find at the very
bottom of the triggers category and
lastly you'll need another incline setup
like this one this is to make the
grenades bounce into the trigger on
destroyed because it actually needs to
hit the orange part of it to activate it
as for the labels of the trigger on
destroyed you'll only need to touch the
broadcast channel I have it set to 3
because I'm using 1 and 2 for the other
fusion coils and switches so I'm using 3
here but you can use whichever one you
want next we have the antenna smalls or
whichever piece you want to de-spawn
once the trigger on destroyed has been
triggered first set its place at start
to false and make sure you set it for
both of them and for the scripting set
its spawn channel to an unused one I'm
just using four here candies won't true
and that's all you'll need for the ants
and a smalls
once again make sure that they both have
the same attributes now let's move on to
the timers I have an off once here set
your spawn channel and broadcast channel
to that of the object you'll be
responding for me it's the antenna
smalls and then your power channel to
the trigger on destroyed and mine I have
it set to 3 next is the timer on once
set its broadcast channel to four
whichever is the spawn Channel of your
objects that you'll be despawning and
timer slash user data to five and one
more thing I forgot to mention is to set
the play set start setting of your timer
off once to false and that's pretty much
it for the scripting side of this weapon
dispenser as I said it's not really too
hard to do and as long as you follow the
instructions in the video I'm sure
you'll be able to follow and yeah just
make sure your barriers are there to
properly prevent your player from
getting into the switch or having access
to the switch and you'll also have to
make sure that the trigger on destroyed
cannot simply be shot at by the players
you'll build like you know it'll have to
use the grenade to be able to trigger it
and yeah that's pretty much it for this
Forge tutorial I will see you guys next
year goodbye
you